Introducing Lightning Web Components.
Now you can build Lightning components using two programming models:
Lightning Web Components, and the original model, Aura Components.
Lightning web components are custom HTML elements built using HTML and
modern JavaScript. Lightning web components and Aura components can
coexist and interoperate on a page. To admins and end users, they both
appear as Lightning components.

Lightning Web Components is available in Enterprise, Performance,
Unlimited, and Developer editions.

Lightning Web Components uses core Web Components standards and provides
only what’s necessary to perform well in browsers supported by
Salesforce. Because it’s built on code that runs natively in browsers,
Lightning Web Components is lightweight and delivers exceptional
performance. Most of the code you write is standard JavaScript and HTML.

Salesforce is committed to developing open web standards and is a member
of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).

Salesforce developers are contributing members of the Ecma International
Technical Committee 39 (TC39), which is the committee that evolves
JavaScript.

Base Lightning components are available as Aura components and as
Lightning web components. The Component Reference includes
documentation, specifications, and examples for both. See Base
Components: Aura Vs Lightning Web Components for differences between
them.

For more information regarding the Lightning Web Components programming
can be found at the following URL:

https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/en/lwc

- Use 57.0 as apiVersion.
- LWC の JavaScript に記述する `catch((error)` の箇所では、`showToast` メソッドを呼び出して、エラー内容を画面にトースト表示してください。
- LWC の `@wire` は使用しないでください。

If you understand, reply OK simply.
